cloud dm: update docs as per new UI (#13860)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/import-csv-files.md

        - **AWS Access Keys**: enter the AWS access key ID and AWS secret access key.
        - **AWS Role ARN**: enter the AWS Role ARN value.

4. If you want to modify the file patterns, click **Advanced Settings** and then click **Mapping Settings**.

    > **Note:**
    >
    > When you use this feature, one import task can only import data to a single table at a time. If you want to use this feature to import data into different tables, you need to import several times, each time specifying a different target table.

    To modify the file pattern, specify a custom mapping rule between CSV files and a single target table in the following fields, and then click **Submit**. After that, the data source files will be re-scanned using the provided custom mapping rule.

    - **Target Database**: enter the name of the target database in TiDB Cloud.

    - **Target Tables**: enter the name of the target table in TiDB Cloud. Note that this field only accepts one specific table name, so wildcards are not supported.

    - **Source file URIs and names**: enter the source file URI and name, for example, `s3://sampledate/ingest/TableName.01.csv`.

> 5. Click **Next**. If you see a warning message, resolve this by providing the correct source file, renaming the existing one according to [Naming Conventions for Data Import](/tidb-cloud/naming-conventions-for-data-import.md), or using **Advanced settings** to make changes. After that, click **Ignore warning and preview**.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Click **Next**. If you see a warning message, resolve this by providing the correct source file, renaming the existing one according to [Naming Conventions for Data Import](/tidb-cloud/naming-conventions-for-data-import.md), or using **Advanced Settings** to make changes. After that, click **Ignore warning and preview**.
```

3. Provide the following information for the source CSV files:

    - **Location**: select **Amazon S3**.
    - **Data Format**: select **CSV**.
    - **Bucket URI**: select the bucket URI where your CSV files are located.
    - **Bucket Access** (This field is visible only for AWS S3): you can use either an AWS access key or an AWS Role ARN to access your bucket. For more information, see [Configure Amazon S3 access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-amazon-s3-access).
        - **AWS Access Keys**: enter the AWS access key ID and AWS secret access key.
        - **AWS Role ARN**: enter the AWS Role ARN value.

4. If you need to edit the CSV configurations, click **Edit CSV configuration** to update the CSV-specific configurations. For more information, see [CSV Configurations for Importing Data](/tidb-cloud/csv-config-for-import-data.md).

    > **Note:**
    >
    > For the configurations of separator and delimiter, you can use both alphanumeric characters and certain special characters. The supported special characters include `\t`, `\b`, `\n`, `\r`, `\f`, and `\u0001`.

> 5. You can choose to **Import into Pre-created Tables**, or **Import Schema and Data from S3**.

Reviewer: Are there any descriptions on how to pre-create the tables ?

> 5. You can choose to **Import into Pre-created Tables**, or **Import Schema and Data from S3**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. You can choose to **Import into Pre-created Tables**, or **Import Schema and Data from S3**.
"Import into Pre-created Tables" allows users to pre-create tables in TiDB and select the tables they want to import data into. And due to the limitation of request size for API, you can choose up to 1000 tables to be imported. 
"Import Schema and Data from S3" is used to import SQL scripts for table creation and corresponding table data stored in S3 into TiDB.
```

> 6. If you want to modify the file patterns, click **Advanced Settings** and then click **Mapping Settings**.

Reviewer: This 'mapping settings' will only appeared when users choose `Import into Pre-created Tables`

> 6. If you want to modify the file patterns, click **Advanced Settings** and then click **Mapping Settings**.

Reviewer 3: I think it's possible to describe the feature and then the scenarios that the feature supports

> 6. If you want to modify the file patterns, click **Advanced Settings** and then click **Mapping Settings**.

Reviewer 3: I think it's possible to describe the feature and then the scenarios that the feature supports

> 6. If you want to modify the file patterns, click **Advanced Settings** and then click **Mapping Settings**.

Author: Updated

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > When you use this feature, one import task can only import data to a single table at a time. If you want to use this feature to import data into different tables, you need to import several times, each time specifying a different target table.

Reviewer: Seems we don't have this limitation now if we choose `Import into Pre-created Tables`

Author: deleted

>     > **Note:**
>     >
>     > When you use this feature, one import task can only import data to a single table at a time. If you want to use this feature to import data into different tables, you need to import several times, each time specifying a different target table.

Author: ```suggestion
```

>     To modify the file pattern, specify a custom mapping rule between CSV files and a single target table in the following fields, and then click **Confirm**. After that, the data source files will be re-scanned using the provided custom mapping rule.

Reviewer: Looks like the data source files won't be scanned in real-time.  It will only affect the final import task's file mapping configuration

>     To modify the file pattern, specify a custom mapping rule between CSV files and a single target table in the following fields, and then click **Confirm**. After that, the data source files will be re-scanned using the provided custom mapping rule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If the source files don't meet the naming conventions, the user can specify a custom mapping rule between CSV files and a single target table in the following fields, and then click **Confirm**. After that, the data source files will be re-scanned using the provided custom mapping rule.
    And users also can use wildcards to match the source files:
    For example:
    s3://<bucket-name>/path/my-data?.csv: all CSV files starting with my-data and one character (such as my-data1.csv and my-data2.csv) in that folder will be imported into the same target table.
    s3://<bucket-name>/path/my-data*.csv: all CSV files in the folder starting with my-data will be imported into the same target table.
```

Reviewer 3: I think `the CSV file` and `a single target table` can swap order.

>     - **Target Database**: enter the name of the target database in TiDB Cloud.

Reviewer 3: Not the `the target database in TiDB Cloud`, but the target databases user selected

>     - **Target Database**: enter the name of the target database in TiDB Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Target Database**: enter the name of the target database you select.
```

>     - **Target Tables**: enter the name of the target table in TiDB Cloud. Note that this field only accepts one specific table name, so wildcards are not supported.

Reviewer 3: ditto

>     - **Target Tables**: enter the name of the target table in TiDB Cloud. Note that this field only accepts one specific table name, so wildcards are not supported.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Target Tables**: enter the name of the target table you select. Note that this field only accepts one specific table name, so wildcards are not supported.
```

>     - **Source file URIs and names**: enter the source file URI and name, for example, `s3://sampledate/ingest/TableName.01.csv`.

Reviewer: Please give a reference document on how to write the URI pattern or specify the detailed supported URI pattern here. Also, there should be some notes to the user, for example, the folder name of the URI should contain the data source folder

Author: Added https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/13860/files#r1266096360

6. If the source files do not meet the naming conventions, you can specify a custom mapping rule between a single target table and the CSV file. After that, the data source files will be re-scanned using the provided custom mapping rule. To modify the mapping, click **Advanced Settings** and then click **Mapping Settings**. Note that **Mapping Settings** is available only when you choose **Import into Pre-created Tables**.

    You can also use wildcards to match the source files. For example:

    - `s3://<bucket-name>/path/my-data?.csv`: all CSV files starting with `my-data` and one character (such as `my-data1.csv` and `my-data2.csv`) in that folder will be imported into the same target table.
    - `s3://<bucket-name>/path/my-data*.csv`: all CSV files in the folder starting with `my-data` will be imported into the same target table.

    Note that only `?` and `*` are supported.

    - **Target Database**: enter the name of the target database you select.

    - **Target Tables**: enter the name of the target table you select. Note that this field only accepts one specific table name, so wildcards are not supported.

>     - **Source file URIs and names**: enter the source file URI and name, for example, `s3://sampledate/ingest/TableName.01.csv`. Note that the folder name of the URI must contain the data source folder. For more information about the URI format, see [URI format](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/backup-and-restore-storages#uri-format).

Reviewer 3: why linked to https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/backup-and-restore-storages#uri-format? I think it is inappropriate. Because we do not support `parameters` here.

Reviewer 3: > Note that the folder name of the URI must contain the data source folder.

This note is submerged in the document does not seem to reflect its importance?

Author: Updated. PTAL.

>     - **Source file URIs and names**: enter the source file URI and name, for example, `s3://sampledate/ingest/TableName.01.csv`. Note that the folder name of the URI must contain the data source folder. For more information about the URI format, see [URI format](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/backup-and-restore-storages#uri-format).

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Source file URIs and names**: enter the source file URI and name in the following format `s3://[bucket_name]/[data_source_folder]/[file_name].csv`. For example, `s3://sampledate/ingest/TableName.01.csv`. 

    > **Note:**
    >
    > The URI must contain the data source folder.
    
```

4. If you need to edit the CSV configurations, click **Edit CSV configuration** to update the CSV-specific configurations. For more information, see [CSV Configurations for Importing Data](/tidb-cloud/csv-config-for-import-data.md).

    > **Note:**
    >
    > For the configurations of separator and delimiter, you can use both alphanumeric characters and certain special characters. The supported special characters include `\t`, `\b`, `\n`, `\r`, `\f`, and `\u0001`.

5. You can choose to **Import into Pre-created Tables**, or **Import Schema and Data from S3**.

    - **Import into Pre-created Tables** allows you to create tables in TiDB in advance and select the tables that you want to import data into. In this case, you can choose up to 1000 tables to import. To create tables, click on **Chat2Qury** in the left navigation pane. For more information about how to use Chat2Qury, see [Explore Your Data with AI-Powered Chat2Query](/tidb-cloud/explore-data-with-chat2query.md).
    - **Import Schema and Data from S3** allows you to import SQL scripts that creates a table along with its corresponding data stored in S3 directly into TiDB.

> 6. If the source files do not meet the naming conventions, you can define a custom mapping rule for each target table and its corresponding CSV file. After that, the data source files will be re-scanned using the provided custom mapping rule. To modify the mapping, go to **Advanced Settings** and then click **Mapping Settings**. Note that **Mapping Settings** is available only when you choose **Import into Pre-created Tables**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. If the source files do not meet the naming conventions, you can define a custom mapping rule for each target table and its corresponding CSV/Parquet/SQL file. After that, the data source files will be re-scanned using the provided custom mapping rule. To modify the mapping, go to **Advanced Settings** and then click **Mapping Settings**. Note that **Mapping Settings** is available only when you choose **Import into Pre-created Tables**.
```

6. If you want to modify the file patterns, click **Advanced Settings** and then click **Mapping Settings**.

    If the source files do not meet the naming conventions, you can specify a custom mapping rule between a single target table and the CSV file in the following fields, and then click **Confirm**. After that, the data source files will be re-scanned using the provided custom mapping rule.
    
    You can also use wildcards to match the source files. For example:
    
    - `s3://<bucket-name>/path/my-data?.csv`: all CSV files starting with `my-data` and one character (such as `my-data1.csv` and `my-data2.csv`) in that folder will be imported into the same target table.
    - `s3://<bucket-name>/path/my-data*.csv`: all CSV files in the folder starting with `my-data` will be imported into the same target table.
    
    Note that only `?` and `*` are supported.

    - **Target Database**: enter the name of the target database you select.

    - **Target Tables**: enter the name of the target table you select. Note that this field only accepts one specific table name, so wildcards are not supported.

>     - **Source file URIs and names**: enter the source file URI and name, for example, `s3://sampledate/ingest/TableName.01.csv`.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Source file URIs and names**: enter the source file URI and name, for example, `s3://sampledate/ingest/TableName.01.csv`. For more information about the URI format, see [URI format](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/backup-and-restore-storages#uri-format).
```

    - **Target Database**: enter the name of the target database you select.

    - **Target Tables**: enter the name of the target table you select. Note that this field only accepts one specific table name, so wildcards are not supported.

    - **Source file URIs and names**: enter the source file URI and name in the following format `s3://[bucket_name]/[data_source_folder]/[file_name].csv`. For example, `s3://sampledate/ingest/TableName.01.csv`. You can also use wildcards to match the source files. For example:

        - `s3://[bucket_name]/[data_source_folder]/my-data?.csv`: all CSV files starting with `my-data` followed by one character (such as `my-data1.csv` and `my-data2.csv`) in that folder will be imported into the same target table.
        - `s3://[bucket_name]/[data_source_folder]/my-data*.csv`: all CSV files in the folder starting with `my-data` will be imported into the same target table.

      Note that only `?` and `*` are supported.

        > **Note:**
        >

>         > The URI must contain the data source folder.

Reviewer 4: 这几行的缩进没对齐？

2. Check the table schema file. If there are any errors, correct the table schema file.
3. Check the data types in the CSV files.
4. Try the import task again.

## Mapping Settings

If the source files do not meet the naming conventions, you can define a custom mapping rule for each target table and its corresponding CSV file. After that, the data source files will be re-scanned using the provided custom mapping rule. To modify the mapping, go to **Advanced Settings** and then click **Mapping Settings**. Note that **Mapping Settings** is available only when you choose **Import into Pre-created Tables**.

> When you enter the source file URI and name in **Source file URIs and names**, make sure it is in the following format `s3://[bucket_name]/[data_source_folder]/[file_name].csv`. For example, `s3://sampledate/ingest/TableName.01.csv`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you enter the source file URI and name in **Source file URIs and names**, make sure it is in the following format `s3://[bucket_name]/[data_source_folder]/[file_name].{csv|parquet|sql}`. For example, `s3://sampledate/ingest/TableName.01.csv`.
```
